there are days you have to ask yourself
I'm not getting too old for all that
fast flat loud to asphalt wants
one the sports car or it is not
better at the time just the times
wind around her ears she let the
listening to sounds of flora and fauna
I have to find out today
the sl65 amg made that is the
strongest series lothar service gives and
Welcome to the magazine
he is the german muscle car im
custom-made suit
mercedes already has sl in the predecessor
Model shown where the performance of his
hangs in affalterbach
and that with so much understatement that
Fashion connoisseurs of the car scene know what's here
so innocent was
for the protocol from 0 to 200 in under 13
seconds
this car is on par with the
porsche turbos lamborghinis and co and
he can keep up with the price
this car costs about 225,000 euros
at least what the pure numerical values
An advantage for the sl 65 has
amg opposite the competitors comfort
This car is a rolling lounge who
nothing should stop ps from ranks
try these seats for that
Living room to be ordered by massage
always has heating up to cooling events
the right one for every situation
but the actual music
plays in front under the hood here
does not just strike a banal 6
liter twelve cylinder no at amg packs
You also have two turbochargers
on and ready is the torque
strongest engine in the world